URL: https://nwn.ai/solutions/managed-devices/
TITLE: Managed Devices | NWN
DESCRIPTION: Managed Devices NWN Managed Devices offering provides a secure, AI-powered approach to device lifecycle management that simplifies deployment,

We value your privacy

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience, personalize content and ads, and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners.

Your use of the website is subject to our Terms. More information about cookies and how we share information can be found in our Privacy Policy.

Manage Choices
Accept All
Latest Innovation! NWN Announces New Cybersecurity Services for Modern Platforms
Contracts
EMP Sign In
SOLUTIONS
SERVICES
INDUSTRIES
ABOUT
INSIGHTS
LET’S CONNECT
Managed Devices

NWN Managed Devices offering provides a secure, AI-powered approach to device lifecycle management that simplifies deployment, maintenance, and support for modern hybrid workforces.

By combining AI-powered technologies with a unique Digital Employee Experience (DEX) platform and end-to-end managed services, NWN simplifies every stage of the device lifecycle, ensuring employees stay productive and connected, whether in the office or remote.

MEET WITH AN EXPERT

Please accept the cookie consent

Challenge

The logistics of supporting end-user devices and experiences distributed across offices, mobile, remote, and hybrid environments is growing in complexity, presenting increased security risks, and taking far too much time and resources with unsustainable manual processes that can’t keep pace with modern demands.

Solution

NWN delivers modernized device management with built-in protection, automated maintenance, and expert support with AI-powered tools resulting in fewer incidents, faster resolutions, and improved experiences.  This outcome-driven approach reduces operational risks, eliminates inefficiencies, and empowers organizations to deliver secure, efficient, and future-ready workforce experience at scale.

Managed Device Services

Comprehensive Lifecycle Services 

Optimize device performance and efficiency with expert-led lifecycle solutions that simplify every stage from deployment to decommissioning or recycling, using predictive analytics, automated updates, and proactive management to reduce downtime, lower costs, and ensure seamless business continuity.

Configuration & Logistics Services 

Deliver devices securely and efficiently with cloud-based configuration, onsite setup, and logistics solutions tailored for hybrid work environments, ensuring smooth rollouts, minimal downtime, improved efficiency, reduced risks, and seamless business continuity.


Device Assessment & Readiness 

Ensure your devices are fully optimized and prepared for peak performance with services like Fleet Readiness Assessments, offering in-depth expert insights into current performance, tailored recommendations, and best practices to support effective lifecycle management and long-term efficiency. 


Service Desk & End-User Support 

Deliver seamless and responsive user experiences with 24/7 Service Desk and End-User Support, offering customized onboarding, VIP user assistance, and onsite dispatch options to minimize downtime, boost productivity, and ensure teams are supported on any device, in any environment, at every step. 


Procurement Services 

Equip your organization with global procurement services that deliver flexible options such as Device-as-a-Service and true subscription models, a broad portfolio of laptops, desktops, tablets, and Chromebooks, along with robust OEM support, to ensure devices are aligned with your operational needs and budget requirements. 


EMP Managed Device Services 

Optimize device operations with AI-powered managed services delivered through NWN’s Experience Management Platform (EMP), providing real-time visibility, proactive monitoring, and integrated analytics for seamless and supported user experiences. 


Cary, NC Client Success Story

Discover how the Town of Cary leads the way with its smart city design using NWN’s innovative solutions, from device management to a fully secure infrastructure upgrade. Dive into the full case study to see the remarkable impact!

Town of Cary, NC Puts Innovation to Work

NWN provides 24/7 support and integrated solutions to enhance the resident experience.

Read more
: Town of Cary, NC Puts Innovation to Work
Benefits
‣
Cloud-Based Management

Centralized control and security for your device fleet

‣
Remote Support
‣
Predictable Costs
‣
Real-Time Insights
‣
Proactive Support
AI-Powered Managed Services via EMP
Dashboards deliver important metrics in a single view.
Integrated ticketing for turnkey lifecycle management.
Cloud-based tools to secure and manage your device fleet.
DEX platform for real-time insights into service delivery.
Start Your Journey

Download the Device Management Offering Overview

DOWNLOAD

Ready to Transform?
CONNECT WITH AN EXPERT
Customer Service
Contact Us
Contracts
Our Company
About
Leadership
Corporate Relations
Careers
Partners
Awards
Collaboration Centers
Connect
Blogs
Newsroom
Virtual and Live Events
LinkedIn
Locations NWN Privacy Policy Terms of Use Master Agreement Compliance

© Copyright 2026 NWN Corporation or its affiliates. NWN® is a registered trademark of NWN Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
