URL: https://nwn.ai/solutions/security/
TITLE: Cybersecurity | NWN
DESCRIPTION: Managed Security Operations for Modern Platforms NWN Cybersecurity unlocks the full potential of modern security platforms with leading solutions and

We value your privacy

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience, personalize content and ads, and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners.

Your use of the website is subject to our Terms. More information about cookies and how we share information can be found in our Privacy Policy.

Manage Choices
Accept All
Latest Innovation! NWN Announces New Cybersecurity Services for Modern Platforms
Contracts
EMP Sign In
SOLUTIONS
SERVICES
INDUSTRIES
ABOUT
INSIGHTS
LET’S CONNECT
Managed Security Operations for Modern Platforms

NWN Cybersecurity unlocks the full potential of modern security platforms with leading solutions and proven services that rapidly modernize operations, lower risk, and fully safeguard data- all without slowing down innovation.

Meet with an expert

Please accept the cookie consent

Challenge

Fragmented tools, limited resources, and threats evolving at the speed of AI make it increasingly difficult and costly to protect today’s hybrid environments.

Disconnected tools create blind spot, alert noise, and vulnerability gaps
Limited in-house resources dedicated to security operations, detection, and response
Complex compliance requirements increase risk, IT burden, and costs
AI and hybrid infrastructure expands the attack surface across users, data, and devices
Solution

NWN Cybersecurity helps organizations shift from costly, risky, and unsustainable do-it-yourself security to complete Managed Security Operations for end-to-end protection at scale.

Proven and Trusted security expertise with 30+ years’ experience protecting critical infrastructure for 6,000 CIOs across public and private sectors
Achieve an Offensive Security posture that treats identity as the new perimeter and provides dynamic mitigation against evolving threats
Detect and respond faster with 24×7 SOC, VCISO, and MDR services built in conjunction with top vendors
Continuous protection, Zero Trust strategies, and a full suite of managed and professional services to deliver maximum business resiliency
The NWN Cybersecurity Advantage
Modern Security Services
Strategic Integrations
Turnkey Security Modernization
Security, Solved.

Security platforms have modernized faster than security operations and IT teams struggle to convert alert noise into action. NWN Cybersecurity closes the gap by operationalizing industry leading security platforms into a single managed service model—delivered with 24×7 expertise and unified operational control.

Salve Regina University Client Success Story

A leading university partnered with NWN to transform its security landscape. By consolidating tools into a unified platform and adopting proactive monitoring, the institution improved compliance, reduced vulnerabilities, and created a secure, flexible learning environment. Watch the case study to learn how the university was able to achieve a seamless, secure higher ed experience!

Gain Visibility and Assurance with EMP
Proactive monitoring detects and responds to threats in real time
Continuous visibility strengthens compliance and reporting
Automation reduces false positives and accelerates remediation
Managed services ensure secure operations and lower total cost of ownership

Download the Cybersecurity Offering Overview 

START YOUR JOURNEY
Ready to Transform?
Connect with an expert
Customer Service
Contact Us
Contracts
Our Company
About
Leadership
Corporate Relations
Careers
Partners
Awards
Collaboration Centers
Connect
Blogs
Newsroom
Virtual and Live Events
LinkedIn
Locations NWN Privacy Policy Terms of Use Master Agreement Compliance

© Copyright 2026 NWN Corporation or its affiliates. NWN® is a registered trademark of NWN Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
