URL: https://nwn.ai/news-room/news/nwn-pushes-intelligent-connectivity-to-power-ai-everywhere-in-the-enterprise/
TITLE: NWN Pushes ‘Intelligent Connectivity’ To Power AI Everywhere In The Enterprise | NWN
DESCRIPTION: ‘We’re going to see a massive increase in data traffic. That’s the big shift. Networks will need to handle more complex workloads, more real-time

We value your privacy

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience, personalize content and ads, and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners.

Your use of the website is subject to our Terms. More information about cookies and how we share information can be found in our Privacy Policy.

Manage Choices
Accept All
Solutions
Customer Experience
Visual Collaboration
Intelligent Workplace
Managed Devices
Intelligent Connectivity
Intelligent Cloud
Cybersecurity

FEATURED

NWN Pushes ‘Intelligent Connectivity’ To Power AI Everywhere In The Enterprise
READ MORE

Cybersecurity

Unlock the full potential of modern security platforms.

Strategic AI

Harness AI to boost efficiency, unlock opportunities, and secure your future. 

Intelligent Cloud

Delivers simplified, responsive, and secure infrastructure solutions.

Services
Industries
Public Sector
Enterprise
Public Safety
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Education
Finance & Banking
Federal
About
Insights
Insights
Virtual & Live Events
Video Stories
In The News
Blog
VIEW THE RESOURCES LIBRARY
LET’S CONNECT
Contracts
EMP Sign In
Latest Innovation! NWN Announces New Cybersecurity Services for Modern Platforms
Contracts
EMP Sign In
SOLUTIONS
SERVICES
INDUSTRIES
ABOUT
INSIGHTS
LET’S CONNECT
IN THE NEWS | 04.07.2026
NWN Pushes ‘Intelligent Connectivity’ To Power AI Everywhere In The Enterprise


‘We’re going to see a massive increase in data traffic. That’s the big shift. Networks will need to handle more complex workloads, more real-time processing and higher performance demands,’ says Jim Sullivan, NWN CEO.

As AI workloads pile onto enterprise networks, NWN’s Intelligent Connectivity will integrate across partner APIs and give customers “a single pane of glass to manage everything.”

The Boston-based solution provider, No. 59 on CRN’s 2025 Solution Provider 500, earlier this year rolled out Intelligent Connectivity, a next-gen Network as a Service (NaaS) that stitches together HPE Mist and NWN’s Experience Management Platform (EMP) into a single operating model.

READ MORE ON CRN

About NWN

NWN is North America's leading AI-enabled service provider delivering full-stack managed technology services, trusted by the most innovative public and private organizations. NWN has helped over 6,000 CIOs modernize and manage their technology end-to-end — spanning AI, Digital Workplace, Customer Experience (CX), Managed Devices, Cybersecurity and Public Safety, Connectivity, and Cloud. NWN designs, delivers, and manages the technology stack on its patented Experience Management Platform, giving clients a single accountable partner, real-time observability, and positive business outcomes. This differentiated model is driving sustained growth: NWN has expanded its customer base 6X in recent years and now operates above the $1B+ revenue scale. Behind its growth is a team of 1,000+ experts and a customer-obsessed culture that has earned an 87 Customer Net Promoter Score. NWN has won hundreds of industry awards and is a recognized "Best Place to Work," backed by an 80+ Employee Net Promoter Score. For more information, visit www.NWN.ai.

Recent News
NWN Awarded Position on NASA’s $60 Billion SEWP VI Contract Vehicle
NWN Enhances Public Safety Capabilities with AI-Driven Managed Services for NG9-1-1 and Mission-Critical Communications 
NWN is proud to be recognized on the CRN’s Solution Provider 500 List
The CRN 2026 Solution Provider 500: Maximizing AI Opportunities, Navigating Supply Chain Turbulence
NWN Named to Elite Tier of National Partners with Cisco Preferred Partner Status Across All Six Portfolio Designations in the Cisco 360 Partner Program
Customer Service
Contact Us
Contracts
Our Company
About
Leadership
Corporate Relations
Careers
Partners
Awards
Collaboration Centers
Connect
Blogs
Newsroom
Virtual and Live Events
LinkedIn
Locations NWN Privacy Policy Terms of Use Master Agreement Compliance

© Copyright 2026 NWN Corporation or its affiliates. NWN® is a registered trademark of NWN Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
