URL: https://nwn.ai/about/
TITLE: Leading AI-powered technology solutions provider | NWN
DESCRIPTION: Award-winning AI tech solutions provider with 30+ years of expertise in cloud, cybersecurity, managed devices, and visual collaboration for 5000+ organizations.

We value your privacy

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience, personalize content and ads, and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners.

Your use of the website is subject to our Terms. More information about cookies and how we share information can be found in our Privacy Policy.

Manage Choices
Accept All
Solutions
Customer Experience
Visual Collaboration
Intelligent Workplace
Managed Devices
Intelligent Connectivity
Intelligent Cloud
Cybersecurity

FEATURED

NWN Pushes ‘Intelligent Connectivity’ To Power AI Everywhere In The Enterprise
READ MORE

Cybersecurity

Unlock the full potential of modern security platforms.

Strategic AI

Harness AI to boost efficiency, unlock opportunities, and secure your future. 

Intelligent Cloud

Delivers simplified, responsive, and secure infrastructure solutions.

Services
Industries
Public Sector
Enterprise
Public Safety
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Education
Finance & Banking
Federal
About
Insights
Insights
Virtual & Live Events
Video Stories
In The News
Blog
VIEW THE RESOURCES LIBRARY
LET’S CONNECT
Contracts
EMP Sign In
Latest Innovation! NWN Announces New Cybersecurity Services for Modern Platforms
Contracts
EMP Sign In
SOLUTIONS
SERVICES
INDUSTRIES
ABOUT
INSIGHTS
LET’S CONNECT
Innovation. Delivered.

NWN is the leading AI-powered technology solutions provider for North America’s most innovative public and private organizations. For more than 30 years, NWN has helped over 6,000 CIOs deliver technology modernization programs with its Intelligent Workplace, Customer Experience (CX), Managed Devices, Cybersecurity and Public Safety, Connectivity, and Intelligent Cloud solutions.

The company’s proprietary Experience Management Platform ensures seamless service delivery, real-time observability and improved efficiency for its clients’ most demanding technology needs. NWN is a high-performance, high-integrity team of 1,000+ experts committed to a customer-obsessed culture, earning an 80+ Customer Net Promoter Score. The company has been recognized with hundreds of industry awards and is proud to be a ‘Best Place to Work’ with an 80+ Employee Net Promoter Score.

 

 

Please accept the cookie consent

Modern Work Experiences

View our featured videos showcasing transformative, flexible work experiences for thousands of satisfied customers.

Please accept the cookie consent

Eversource

Through a 30+ year partnership, Eversource sought NWN’s best in class IT services for managing their network through our Intelligent Infrastructure as well as monitoring and analytics via EMP.

Please accept the cookie consent

Boston College

NWN collaborated with Boston College to deploy, manage, and operate campus-wide integrated collaboration spaces, unified communications, network, and security solutions.

“
Technology done right is an art; not a science. You can buy and service technology anywhere. However, can you create something that students like and can use for their own success? We believe we’ve done that with the help of NWN.”

Mike Mathews
VP of Technology Innovation, Oral Roberts University

Please accept the cookie consent

Fisher College

NWN’s advanced wireless networking and campus-wide WiFi installation empowered Fisher College to invest in an innovative science lab, enhancing their students’ on-campus experience.

Please accept the cookie consent

HomeServe

NWN and HomeServe’s partnership enabled remote desktop imaging and reliable managed services, ensuring uninterrupted service for their 4 million customers.

 

 

Community support where our employees live and work.
Community Engagement

Through active participation, and financial support, we strive to address community needs and uplift the regions in which our employees live and work.

Visit our Communities

Empowering Women

Our commitment to creating an environment where every individual’s unique background, perspective, and talents are not only acknowledged but celebrated.

See Women Leadership

Veterans United

Honoring those who have served our nation in the military is a paramount duty. We are dedicated to providing support and opportunities for veterans as they transition to civilian life.

Explore Veterans United

Social Impact

By establishing community partnerships and serving as trusted advisor to our customer base of 5,000 pioneering enterprises, we are dedicated to meeting their business and community goals.

Power of Partnership

Be EMPowered

Learn how our Experience Management Platform offers advanced analytics, real-time reporting, service desk capabilities, and proactive alerts as a single source of truth.

LEARN HOW
Customer Service
Contact Us
Contracts
Our Company
About
Leadership
Corporate Relations
Careers
Partners
Awards
Collaboration Centers
Connect
Blogs
Newsroom
Virtual and Live Events
LinkedIn
Locations NWN Privacy Policy Terms of Use Master Agreement Compliance

© Copyright 2026 NWN Corporation or its affiliates. NWN® is a registered trademark of NWN Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
