URL: https://nwn.ai/news-room/
TITLE: Press Releases and News Archive | NWN
DESCRIPTION: View the latest press releases and news articles relating to NWN and our technology solutions and services partners.

We value your privacy

This website uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance user experience, personalize content and ads, and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners.

Your use of the website is subject to our Terms. More information about cookies and how we share information can be found in our Privacy Policy.

Manage Choices
Accept All
Solutions
Customer Experience
Visual Collaboration
Intelligent Workplace
Managed Devices
Intelligent Connectivity
Intelligent Cloud
Cybersecurity

FEATURED

NWN Pushes ‘Intelligent Connectivity’ To Power AI Everywhere In The Enterprise
READ MORE

Cybersecurity

Unlock the full potential of modern security platforms.

Strategic AI

Harness AI to boost efficiency, unlock opportunities, and secure your future. 

Intelligent Cloud

Delivers simplified, responsive, and secure infrastructure solutions.

Services
Industries
Public Sector
Enterprise
Public Safety
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Education
Finance & Banking
Federal
About
Insights
Insights
Virtual & Live Events
Video Stories
In The News
Blog
VIEW THE RESOURCES LIBRARY
LET’S CONNECT
Contracts
EMP Sign In
Latest Innovation! NWN Announces New Cybersecurity Services for Modern Platforms
Contracts
EMP Sign In
SOLUTIONS
SERVICES
INDUSTRIES
ABOUT
INSIGHTS
LET’S CONNECT
FEATURED IN THE NEWS
NWN is proud to be recognized on the CRN’s Solution Provider 500 List
READ MORE
In The News
 
Press Release
 

IN THE NEWS

NWN is proud to be recognized on the CRN’s Solution Provider 500 List

Earning a place among the top 50 technology integrators in the nation. This distinction reflects our continued growth, deep expertise, and unwavering commitment to helping organizations navigate complex digital transformation journeys. By delivering innovative, secure, and scalable technology solutions, NWN is honored to stand alongside the industry’s leading providers driving positive business outcomes for our […]

06.12.2026

IN THE NEWS

The CRN 2026 Solution Provider 500: Maximizing AI Opportunities, Navigating Supply Chain Turbulence

Jim Sullivan, CEO of Boston-based solution provider NWN, knows an opportunity when he sees one. In March, he told CRN that as AI workloads strain enterprise networks, customer demand will grow for NWN’s recently introduced Intelligent Connectivity Network-as-a-Service solution to help manage network operations. “We’re going to see a massive increase in data traffic,” Sullivan said. […]

06.12.2026

IN THE NEWS

How Rural Ohio Students Used Al to Build Their Own Reading

In a recent GovTech feature, NWN was spotlighted as a key partner helping bring AI into the classroom, enabling rural Ohio students to build a literacy app through hands-on learning.  Backed by NWN’s technology and perspective on AI as an opportunity, not a risk, the project underscores how the right industry partnerships can expand what’s […]

06.02.2026

IN THE NEWS

NWN Featured in Channel Dive The data sanitization paradox: report

A recent Channel Dive article highlights a growing disconnect in enterprise IT: despite high confidence in data sanitization practices, many organizations still face security gaps as infrastructure refresh cycles accelerate.  Against this backdrop, NWN was noted for launching network-as-a-service offerings, part of a broader shift toward managed, subscription-based infrastructure that helps organizations modernize securely.    

05.28.2026

IN THE NEWS

NWN Featured in Forbes: Advancing AI Literacy in K‑12 and Higher Ed

In a recent Forbes article, NWN and CEO Jim Sullivan are highlighted for their role in helping schools move from AI policy discussions to real-world AI literacy. The piece explores how collaborative efforts – like Ohio’s AI Education Network – are giving students hands-on exposure to AI, while underscoring a critical truth: institutions must modernize […]

05.21.2026

IN THE NEWS

Jim Sullivan, President and CEO of NWN, is recognized as one of Boston’s 150 Most Influential Bostonians in 2026

This year, Jim Sullivan, President and CEO of NWN, was named to the list in recognition of NWN’s growing impact as an AI‑powered technology leader serving more than 6,000 organizations across North America. Under Sullivan’s leadership, NWN has continued to expand its influence through innovative AI‑driven technology solutions, high‑profile partnerships, and meaningful community engagement. The […]

04.28.2026

IN THE NEWS

NWN Expands Cybersecurity with AI-Driven Managed Operations, Podcast

“The AI era has changed the speed and complexity of cyber risk,” says Andrew Gilman, Chief Marketing Officer and Head of Strategic Partnerships at NWN. “Organizations don’t just need more tools—they need outcomes.” In this Technology Reseller News podcast, I spoke with Andrew Gilman of NWN.ai about the company’s newly announced cybersecurity offering—an AI-enabled managed […]

04.16.2026

IN THE NEWS

Five Companies That Came To Win This Week

NWN Adds Managed Security Services With MDR Partnership, Penetration Testing And vCISO NWN wins kudos this week for launching a suite of managed security services, NWN Cybersecurity, which aims to boost cyber defense for staff-constrained customers through human expertise and AI augmentation, NWN executives told CRN. The Boston-based company, No. 59 on CRN’s 2025 Solution Provider 500, said that […]

04.16.2026

IN THE NEWS

Endpoint Security and Network Monitoring News

NWN Reveals the NWN Cybersecurity Suite NWN, an AI-powered technology solutions provider, has launched NWN Cybersecurity, an AI-enabled managed security operations suite that introduces new managed services and expands its strategic security partnerships. The suite will also deliver new platform integrations through NWN’s Experience Management Platform (EMP) to help organizations modernize security operations. Jim Sullivan, […]

04.16.2026

IN THE NEWS

AI-Powered Network-as-a-Service: Enabling “Lights Out” Networking for the AI Era

AI‑powered Network‑as‑a‑Service (NaaS) is transforming enterprise networking by enabling “lights‑out” operations through automation, intelligence, and consumption‑based delivery. As AI, cloud, and edge workloads increase network complexity, AI‑driven NaaS uses continuous monitoring, self‑healing, and predictive optimization to reduce manual management, improve performance, and scale on demand. The model shifts networking from a capital‑intensive infrastructure to a […]

04.10.2026

LOAD MORE
Customer Service
Contact Us
Contracts
Our Company
About
Leadership
Corporate Relations
Careers
Partners
Awards
Collaboration Centers
Connect
Blogs
Newsroom
Virtual and Live Events
LinkedIn
Locations NWN Privacy Policy Terms of Use Master Agreement Compliance

© Copyright 2026 NWN Corporation or its affiliates. NWN® is a registered trademark of NWN Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
